cmd/operator-sdk: OLM integration `alpha run/cleanup` CLI (#2402)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/cli/operator-sdk_alpha_run.md

## operator-sdk alpha run

Run an Operator in a variety of environments

### Synopsis

Run an Operator in a variety of environments

```
operator-sdk alpha run [flags]
```

### Options

```

>       --force-registry            Force deletion of the in-cluster registry. This option is a no-op on 'up'.

Reviewer: Curious about this: `This option is a no-op on 'up'.`

Does `up` need to be `run`? But that would make it seem like it's always a no-op. I'm a little confused...

Author: This flag should be specific to `cleanup` so I've moved it to `cleanup.NewCmd()`.

  -h, --help                      help for run

>       --include strings           Path to Kubernetes resource manifests, ex. Role, Subscription. These supplement or override defaults generated by up/down

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --include strings           Path to Kubernetes resource manifests, ex. Role, Subscription. These supplement or override defaults generated by run/cleanup
```
